# Meeting minutes: Tuesday April 6, 2021

## Review action items

- [x] Jessica White to send the Membership Committee a list of the previous Nominating Committee members. *In progress*
- [ ] Bill Wagner to reach out to Beth Massi for the RD & MVP Communities email list for the Nominating Committee. *In progress*
- [ ] Tom Pappas to send the Membership Committee suggested language to use for candidates who were not chosen. *In progress*

**Note from Jessica**
I added comments to the issues in GitHub as we discussed them. Below is more details about the conversation surrounding those comments.

## Review and comment on Issues

### [#20 - Setting up nomination committee for elections](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/20)
- Need to confirm committee by 1st May
- Jessica (@wordshaker) to email previous members to see if they are interested in doing it again.

### [#21 - Determine the value proposition for membership](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/21)
- General agreement that there is lots of transparency from the .NET Foundation but a lack of clarity. We don't know what has been achieved since the creation of the foundation, what the tangible goals of the foundation are. Is it to improve the technical estate of .NET or the people and community aspects of .NET
- It's the committee's view that the people side of the .NET ecosystem should be more of a focus than the tech.
- Reviewed why each of us joined: for networking, for support, to support, to promote opportunities.
- The value of corporate sponsorship was raised. What is the value for corporate sponsors.
- It was suggested the foundation could explore sponsored projects. Corporate sponsorship spots for targeted and achievable projects aligning with the .NET Foundations overarching goal.
- Should we be surveying those who don't renew their memberships as well as those joining?
- @khalidabuhakmeh shared an article from The Register relating to this issue as a comment on the issue. 

### [#22 - Strengthen and Build Community Culture ](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/22)

- Dependant on [#21](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/21): Need to have a value proposition to build a community around.

- Would like to hear from the board on how it is going since they have joined and the main impacts they think the .NET Foundation has had? How their original goals are progressing/are they achievable? Maybe using videos. Different format from the emails and posts as all on the call found the long emails difficult to process.

## Board election timeline and nomination committee

The committee would like dates around the timeline for the board elections so we have deadlines to work to.

The time commitment of nomination committee members would also like to be known for when we are approaching others about taking part.

DJ has raised his interest in being a member of the nomination committee. It's agreed he would be a good addition.

## Extra News

- The portal for corporate sponsors is still in progress, which once done will enable a membership portal to be released. This will include membership payment management and a forum for discussions.

**ACTIONS**:

- Jessica White to email previous Nominating Committee members to ask if they want to do it again.
    - [Committee last time: Rabeb Othmani (BiBi), Iris Classon, Julie Lerman, Steve "ardalis" Smith and Jessica White.](https://dotnetfoundation.org/blog/2020/06/15/net-foundation-election-2020-nominations-open)
- Group to identify low hanging fruit / small wins the committee can commit to, to show evidence to progress to external members
- Bill to find out from the board what the .NET Foundations tangible goal is. Something we can link a value proposition to.
