# Meeting agenda: Wednesday April 6, 2022

## Meeting Attendees

- [Bill Wagner](https://github.com/BillWagner)
- [Ova Bastiansen](https://github.com/ovebastiansen)
- [Aneesh Ambikavally](https://github.com/codehippie1)
- [Calvin Allen](https://github.com/CalvinAllen)
- Tom Pappas
- [Nicole Miller](https://github.com/nicolebuhakmeh)
- Madison Hardy

## Board Updates

- The Board is hoping to activate the Nominating Committee soon, elections at the end of May

## Membership Portal

- Regarding the project timeline, the portal should be live by July 1, 2022 (beginning of the fiscal year). The VMX team continues to work on the demo for the portal for individual membership.

## Membership Fee

- No substantial update from the Board regarding membership fees.
- Discussion from committee:
  - There are concerns about charging a fee as the value of the Dollar varies across regions. Membership currently reflects demographics in North America and Western Europe, but there’s a lot of activity in the .NET ecosystem in Brazil, India, and China without representation in leadership.
  - Continued conversation (from March 23, 2022) about reviewing membership based on contributions within the community. Considered submitting a proposal to the Board to monitor contributions as the membership metric for a year and re-evaluate the success in 2023.

## Membership Value Proposition, Open Discussion

- The committee discussed focusing on two main themes for benefits:
  - Career Advancement: to include a job board from sponsors, mentoring programs, resume review
  - Building connection within the .Net community: providing active members invitations to conferences (Open Source .NET Foundation Conference), encouraging meet-ups
- The committee (through/with the Board) plans to create a survey to gain feedback from members about preferred benefits and support. It is important to gain feedback on how to best serve the broad ranging constituencies
- The committee discussed improving the onboarding process as incoming members need better access to resources and community

## Other Business

- Introduction of Aneesh Ambikavally – currently involved with Education, Outreach, and Membership committees. He is eager to volunteer and put his resources and extensive knowledge to use. Welcome, Aneesh!
- The Membership Committee meeting for March 20th is rescheduled for March 27th.

## Action Items

- All: Propose members for Nominating Committee
- Nicole M: Compile a list of survey questions for member benefits for next meeting
- Aneesh A.: Submit a proposal within the Membership Committee GitHub Repo for “bug bounties” and other ways to generate revenue other than membership dues
