# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

Wednesday, 01 June 2022, 3PM ET

## Meeting Attendees

- [Bill Wagner](https://github.com/BillWagner)
- [Ova Bastiansen](https://github.com/ovebastiansen)
- [Calvin Allen](https://github.com/CalvinAllen)
- [Joe Guadagno](https://github.com/jguadagno)
- [Nicole Miller](https://github.com/nicolebuhakmeh)
- [Jessica White](https://github.com/wordshaker)
* Tom Pappas

## Board Update

- **Membership Dues** - Board is voting by email 6 yes’s to do away with individual membership fee starting in new fiscal year.  Bill started a markdown file and people can help refine this.  Created as a draft PR.
- **Membership Portal** – Tom will work with Shaina on this.
  - Many got their membership fees charged this month, so July 1 no fees going forward – and go back a quarter – April 1 through June 30.
  - We will ask if the foundation can keep their fees as a donation.  We will let them know all of this in the newsletter/website.  We have to announce what we plan to do so that everyone is informed early enough.  We will state that we will stop charging June 30 and this fiscal year (22-23) there won’t be any membership dues.
  - Tom will reach out to Open Collective to let them know what we’re planning to do (shut the membership fees down) and he will find out what needs to be done to issue refunds if people ask.  He also needs to talk to them about turning off auto renewals.
- **Corporate sponsorship** – supporting (Iron level) is for smaller groups to make a contribution.  We can finalize everything at the next meeting (before the next board meeting) after Tom gets the information from Open Collective.

## Nominating Committee

-	Committee is Layla, Stacy, Tanner, Veronika and Bill.  Joe and Jessica expressed interest in running for the board.  We can reach out to others for the additional seat.  The committee names can be publicized.  Bill, Frank and possible Shawn would be the third one running.

## Swag

- There is a lot of swag that Nicole needs to get rid of – belts, shoelaces, scrunchies, etc.  There were some groups that reached out and asked for them but we would have to pay to ship them, some internationally.  She’s had 34 people in 6 user groups reach out that requested the swag.  We can also put swag out at events that people are speaking at.  Let Nicole know and she can send you some to take with you.

## Action Items

-	Marketing Comm: We will be going out to every committee to ask for at least one person to be part of it. 
-	Tom: Contact Open Collective to find out the process for stopping auto renewals, turning off membership dues, and refunds when requested.

*The meeting adjourned at 3:25PM EST*
