# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

### 03 May 2023 8PM GMT / 3PM ET 

### Meeting Attendees

* Jessica White, *Chair*
* Ove Bastiansen
* Aneesh Gopalakrishnan
* Madison Hardy, *Scribe*

---

## Updates on previous meetings actions

### Board of Directors

* Jessica brought up the suggested changes to add more information to the website about current board members. Each Board member is going to provide a couple of sentences about themselves and we are going to arrange for new videos to be made and published on the site about each board member

* Told the other committees about the .NET Foundation Member role in Discord and how we can set up private channels. Outreach are open to doing work on this with us.

* Nomination Committee is not going to be run by the membership committee this year. Jessica is going to still be heavily involved.

### Membership Form Updates

* Nicole - what to send to denied applications

### Discord

* Jessica needs help doing the form right. For an MVP she's really bad at working with Microsoft products.

---

## Agenda

* Bring up GitHub Projects to check for any agenda items.

### **Membership Form Updates**

* There were no new applications to review. The committee discussed a few outstanding applications and determined whether to approve or deny them.

### **Review actions from the previous meeting**

* 

### **Discord**

* Jessica noted that she needs to ask Nicole to create the Microsoft form to collect social handles from the Discord users.

* The committee discussed other member-only channels or benefits to add to the Discord server, such as the call for speakers.
    * Aneesh suggested a scanning tool for CVs or a subscription bot to create better resumes.
    * Jessica suggested a “review my talk” channel so members can give feedback on a presentation’s relevancy and content.
    * Ove suggested adding tags to projects that could notate a project’s need for help, requests for contribution, and general promotion.
    * Aneesh suggested bug bounties so members can help resolve any issues within a project. He added that DNF could add a financial incentive or form of recognition for those who participate in the bounties.
      *  Jessica noted that the committee can coordinate with the Projects and Maintainers Committees to define the need for bug bounties and implement the idea. She added that the Foundation doesn’t necessarily have the budget for incentives and subscriptions but agreed that recognizing different levels of participation could be a good incentive. The committee discussed establishing a badging system that recognizes contribution to DNF projects, participation on DNF committees, and ways to link the badges to other social profiles

### Membership Value - Open Discussion

* Jessica noted that the committee needs to revisit the formal training initiative with the Education Committee. · Aneesh suggested partnering with the Mentoring Club, which is a nonprofit start-up that connects members to experts in the community

---

### The meeting adjourned at 3:24 PM ET.
