# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

### 17 May 2023 Time 8PM GMT / 3PM ET 

### Meeting Attendees

* Jessica White, *Chair*
* 
* Madison Hardy, *Scribe*

---

## Updates on previous meetings actions

### Discord

* Jessica - Make new channels
  * review-my-talk
  * requests-for-contribution
  * good-first-issue

* Make and send form to find out current members discord handles
  * Needs to have github handle and github handle for us to check
  * Jess needs help as shes rubbish with Microsoft forms.


---

## Agenda

* Bring up GitHub Projects to check for any agenda items.

### **Membership Form Updates**

* 

### **Review actions from the previous meeting**

*

### **Nomination Updates**

* 

### **Any Other Business** 

* 

---

### The meeting adjourned at __:__PM ET.
