# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

### 19 July 2023 Time GMT / Time EST

### Meeting Attendees

* Jessica White, *Chair*
* Jorge Levy
* Nicole Miller
* Madison Hardy, Scribe

### Attachment
[Membership Form](https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=3G8HFsH8FUqxyjLJolWQDm8F03uiB2VCoiyUmNsltiBUQ0FDWDBFUFVURFRaQUdCUEg4MlExSEQ0OS4u)

### Membership Applications
* The committee reviewed new member applications and assigned approvals to committee members. 25 new applications were received.

### Elections
* The 2023 Board of Directors election has closed and the results were certfiied. The group discussed voting statistics and the results.

### Discord:
* Jessica reminded the group that the new channels are open to join and should be promoted to increase subscriptions and activity.
* Following a vote in the June Board meeting, the Projects and Maintainers committees have merged. Jessica will contact Shaun Walker and the oncoming maintainers to discuss the bug bounty initiative.

### Membership Value
* Mentorship Program - Jessica to follow up with the Education and Projects committees to gauge interest and capability. Madison invited Jessica to the upcoming Education Committee to discuss collaborating.
    * June 7 Recap: the group discussed whether a mentorship program would be a worthwhile benefit and which committee would manage it. For members, the Education Committee would likely oversee mentorship; for projects and maintainers, the Projects Committee could manage.
* DNF Champs - Jessica to create a page in GitHub for collaboration and member input.
    * June 7 Recap: the group discussed establishing a recognition mechanism to encourage participation and connection. The designation would recognize members who are active in committees and the community and could be developed to award a tag in GitHub, Discord, or other social channels. The website could be updated to include a page that recognizes the members and details the criteria to become a "champ" or "insider".
* Value Proposition, Open Discussion: Jorge noted that many of the forms to join DNF or committees are only in English, and suggested offering translations on the website. He is coordinating with the Outreach Committee to accomplish this in order to remove language barriers and increase global membership and participation. Jessica suggested contacting members of the MSFT MVP community and asking for assistance, adding they could also help translate recieved membership applications.

### DNF Summit:
* The next DNF Summit is scheduled for September 12, 2023. The Outreach Committee is managing the preparations and promotion.

### Member Rosters
* The group discussed how to merge and manage member rosters. The voting system tracked 1019 valid member emails, but will only download information as a text file. The report only includes the member's email, no other identifying information. Without a way to consolidate member information, the rosters will remain incomplete.
* Jessica suggested pulling the information from GitHub, and will work on the API to manage the report.


**The meeting adjourned at 3:20 PM EDT.**