# .NET Membership Committee Meeting #
Wednesday, 20 September 2023, 3PM EDT 

### Meeting Attendees ###

* Jessica Brentnall, *Chair*
* Kevin Griffin
* Madison Hardy, Scribe

### Attachment
[Membership Form](https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=3G8HFsH8FUqxyjLJolWQDm8F03uiB2VCoiyUmNsltiBUQ0FDWDBFUFVURFRaQUdCUEg4MlExSEQ0OS4u)

### Membership Applications
* Since the last committee meeting, Jessica and Nicole updated the membership application form to focus on the applicant's anticipated participation in the Foundation, to gauge their interest in getting involved, and understand what membership value they're looking for.
* The committee previously agreed to provide the application in multiple languages and has been working to find a solution. Jessica noted that Microsoft Forms can auto-translate the information on the form, but the group hasn't determined how to translate responses. The group also needs to select which languages to translate the forms into.

### DNF Champions
* Development for this acknowledgement initiative is still ongoing. Jessica and Kevin discussed whether it is possible to create badges in GitHub and will do more research offline. 

### Committee Admin
* Madison will send a poll to committee members to determine whether meetings should continue bi-weekly or change to a monthly series. Jessica noted that the committee's function has changed a bit, and until more work is identified, it's a better use of time to meet once a month and address any urgent or outstanding tasks via email.

**The meeting adjourned at 3:19 PM EDT.**