# MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE MEETING OF .NET FOUNDATION

**11/17/2021**

**Meeting Attendees:**

- Bill Wagner
- Calvin Allen
- Nicole Miller
- Mitchel Sellers
- Ove Bastiansen

**Virtual Inc Staff Observers:**

- Nadeem Abutaa
- Tom Pappas

## Introduction

Bill Wagner, the Membership Committee Chair, gave a quick introduction and began going through agenda items.

***Open Discussion: Directing Money at time of Membership Sign Up***

Committee discussed members being given the ability to support different initiatives with membership fee. Tom Pappas mentioned that there may be some administrative and accounting challenges. It could potentially become a popularity contest with regards to which projects could start receiving funding but there was ways to mitigate that.

Committee members discussed the idea that members could choose a broader topic to direct/donate money to specifically open source or specifically maintainer support, etc. With that in mind, members could be given the option to earmark only a portion of membership dues to a specific goal. Committee may need to work on differentiating between how they may handle corporate members vs individual members.

Committee also discussed the foundation instituting a pool of funds for different initiatives where members can request funds either ahead of time or pay out of pocket and request reimbursement. The one challenge that can come up is a member paying for something expecting reimbursement and the getting denied.

***Open Discussion: All other business to be taken to the board***

No new items.
