# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

Wednesday, 18 May 2022, 3PM ET

## Meeting Attendees

- [Bill Wagner](https://github.com/BillWagner) _Chair_
- [Aneesh Ambikavally](https://github.com/codehippie1)
- [Calvin Allen](https://github.com/CalvinAllen)
- [Joe Guadagno](https://github.com/jguadagno)
- [Jessica White](https://github.com/wordshaker)
* Tom Pappas
* Madison Hardy, Scribe

## Agenda

* **Membership Portal**
  * Tom Pappas provided an update regarding membership dues and the membership platform. It is the committee's intent to present the final proposal for membership dues (or lack thereof) at the May Board meeting for review and approval. With that solved, the membership platform can continue building the portal. If the Foundation does not require membership dues, VMX will discount the services.
* **Nominating Committee**
  * Members provided a status update on their outreach for the Nominating Committee. At this time, there are three confirmed members. According to the Foundation bylaws, the Nominating Committee must consist of at least three people, but no more than five. The committee intends to present six names to the Board for consideration and therefore must confirm three more participants by next week's Board meeting.
* **Any Other Business**
  * The committee discussed the upcoming .NET Virtual Conference. Nicole Miller asked the committee to submit projects to her or through the GitHub repo that could be highlighted at the conference.
    * For more information about .NET Day, visit [the .NET Day Discussion Page](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-outreach/issues/48).

## Next Steps / Action Items

* Members to continue outreach for the Nominating Committee.

**The meeting adjourned at 3:15PM ET**
