# .NET Membership Meeting June 15, 2022

## Attendance

* Aneesh Amnbikavally
* Ove Bastiansen
* Nicole Miller
* Tom Pappas
* Bill Wagner
* Jessica White

## Agenda

### Swag

* If there are any user groups that could use swag, let Nicole know and she can send. We will go to on Demand marketing instead of housing – don’t have to keep inventory on hand.

### Nominating committee

* Tanner confirmed his participation in the Nominating Committee.
* People running for the Board are Ove, Jessica, James M, and Joe.
* Shawn Wildermuth is not running in this cycle.
* If you know of anyone that you think would be interested in running, let Bill know.

### [Pull Request #58](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/pull/58)

* PR that Bill made to update our criteria was shared. The transcription of edits is below:
  * We’ve had some educators talk about coming into this realm.  Bill will talk to the education committee, plural site authors, academic authors and Microsoft Learn team to start building curriculum.
  * The MeetUp one is primarily if it’s your MeetUp.  If you try a MeetUp, it needs to be done for at least 6 months before it’s given up.
  * A link to the community guidelines needs to be added to the document.
  * Bill would like to fold in vetting new applications with the new portal – we’d get pinged when one comes in, and whoever grabs it can do that.
  * Links to documents need to be fixed. 
  * Membership goes through open collective today, but he is having trouble getting in touch with our rep.  Membership data is stored there.  When we go to VMX, it will be there.  Will not require people to get a GitHub account.
  * Username must match as a maintainer for open source projects so they would need a GitHub account, but it won’t be required on the form.  That should be a question on the form so that it can be added by the person.
  * You can have more than 1 role, so you should be able to add these from a drop-down.
  * The form will be in the VMX portal.

## Action Items

* Bill will bring up the vote to stop membership fees July 1 at the board meeting next week because he hasn’t heard from anyone except Frank.
* Tom will sunset the membership portal but someone signed up so he will reach out and see if they want to move that money over to be an iron sponsor.
* Jessica will work on the templates to reach out to potential board candidates.  She will put it in one repository with the others.
* Jessica will give Bill contact info for someone from the Pi organization.
* Bill will update it based on everyone’s comments and get it to the Board for approval.
* Bill to reach out to Outreach Committee to ask them to get testimony from people stating why they are a Foundation member.
* Bill will reach out to his contacts in the UK to connect Aneesh’s contact who needs a job.  He’s new to the UK.
