# Wednesday, 7 September 2022, 3PM ET 

## Meeting Attendees ##

* Bill Wagner _Chair_
* Joe Guadagno
* Jessica White
* Ove Bastiansen
* Nicole Miller
* Tom Pappas
* Madison Hardy, Scribe

## Agenda

* **Nominating Committee**
  * Bill provided an update on the Nominating Committee's progress. There is a slate of eight candidates, and seven have submitted their campaign statements. Once all the statements are submitted, Isaac Levin will help merge the PRs and post them to the DNF website. The committee members will coordinate and conduct the interviews in the coming weeks. Ideally, the interviews will be scheduled to be accessible for multiple regions, including the Americas, Africa, and Europe.
  * Bill asked Nicole to publicize the election, the campaign statements, and the interviews on the DNF social sites and the newsletter.
* **Membership Portal**
  * Tom discussed the VMX portal. The contact email was changed to foundation-membership@dotnetfoundation.org, as the membership@ address goes to the Membership Committee to manage general member topics. The foundation-membership@ address will filter membership applications, and will include members from the VMX team. Nicole will promote the VMX portal in the newsletter.
  * Tom discussed officially closing down Open Collective. Nicole noted that DNF has received $3,200 since July 1st that either needs to be refunded or transitioned to a sponsorship donation. She has responded to a few members who have asked about the dues and will send a list to Tom of all the members who have paid dues.
* **Website update**
  * Bill reminded the group that DNF is updating the website and each committee is responsible for rewriting their page's content. At the next meeting, the group will discuss proposed updates.
* **[GitHub issues](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues)**
  * Jessica noted there are several Issues in the membership repo that should be addressed. Bill will manage.

## Next Steps / Action Items

* Nicole to publicize the Board election.
* Nicole to publicize the new membership portal in the newsletter.
* Nicole to send Tom the list of members who paid dues.
* Bill to manage the repo Issues.

**The meeting adjourned at 3:18PM ET**
